Our Mission
Chronos Engine is a graphics engine that has a goal of making videogames and other 3d modeling as free as possable to everybody. We accomplish this by making ALL of our AI tools avalible (while running locally) to the end user for no cost and while running on our servers for as cheap as we can make it. We have tried to make each and every part of development as easy as possable, from being able to use AI to create textures and other assets to including a free library of user uploaded content that is free for everybody. 
We also allow for the use of some of our content outside of the engine. For example, while converting files between formats normally the best way to do this is with a paid tool or putting it through many different tools. Chronos engine flips this by being able to convert from and to .ChronosObj with many other file formats.
We also want to support the minds of young developers which is why we have created a learning platform where you can start in a block coding format called Chronos Block then transfer to a simple script based language called Chronos Script and then finally to C++. This approch teaches young developers the basics of programming and then how to use these things in lower level work. This is aided by the ability to directly transform from Chronos block to Chronos Script to C++.
We have extensive cohesive documentation that is free online and downloaded when you install the engine as well as built in tips for young developers that help them write clean and cohisive code. This is supplemented with a clean costomisable menus and other productivity tools such as batch editing on images to allow for effective usage of all of our tools. Our engine supports many of the most popular IDEs to allow a seamless transition from other engines.
We try to make AI as approachable as possable by allowing for the inputs and outputs of the AI to be directly inserted with a GUI or with a text editor. The AI training is also as simple as possable by creating checkpoints for when the AI does something correct in the scene such as walking to a location or changing its shape depending on what is going on around it.